good afternoon my Scotia as you know
parole and a privilege it's a mistake
but it happened and if I were to be
released I would um I would just want
the simple life I just want to hold down
a job make some friends you know pay my
bills even if this was possible it made
20 people seven people why do you need
to do this cuz that's what I'm gonna
come I want to take you to make seven
pieces of jewelry in five or six hours
how long if I told you you didn't have
to live with your mother anymore
it's me the one it was quite what DNA
which man named ball which real name
8-ball what if we could make all this go
away then purse as well sorry okay I
[Music]
mean with my family I told him humming a
garage to finally tell you how big a job
no I'm out I take the job I'll be back
before you know can I come with you this
is mommy's very special work trip
[Music]
in three and a half weeks the Met will
be hosting its annual ball and we are
going to Robins not the ball itself the
neck of Daphne Kluger valued at over a
hundred million dollars revenge it's a
twofer do not run a job in a job
[Music]
user Smith can't we just go to this do
we have to steal stop yes
[Music]
is it genetic or the whole family like
this
literally
[Music]